# Pollutant levels on my Ford Ranger Pick-up


If you are interested in CO2 stuff, then read this. I have a new figure for the Ford Ranger Pick-up Pick Up Double Cab Wildtrak 2.0 TDCi 213 Auto Diesel Automatic and I am updating it on my website now.

Have you ever rented a self-drive car for a day or a week? Well, Contract Hire is exactly the same, just for a longer period. Easy, isn’t it? It’s available for businesses or for private individuals. You may have seen me turning down investment on Dragon’s Den! Read on to understand how it works. Occasionally, I can supply PCP, leasing and lease hire (but not often). If you’re reading this because you are unsure if you should use LINGsCARS.com, have a look at my 900+ customer letters.


In 2008, I won the “BEST non-franchised ENVIRONMENTALIST” in the Automotive Management Awards, sponsored by the RAC. My website won “BEST non-franchised WEBSITE 2007” in the Automotive Management Awards. My website has been voted in the “TOP 100” in the world, by FHM magazine. I was voted “NORTH-EAST ENTREPRENEUR OF THE YEAR 2006” in the One North East-sponsored WIN business awards. CAR Magazine listed me in their TOP 7 pick of UK car websites. I have around 50,000 unique visitors a month. I have well over 3000 happy, existing customers, and over 900 letters published on this website.

The CO2 for this Ford Ranger Pick-up Diesel Automatic is better than it was, at just 128g/km. It is a bit different if you look at a slightly different trim level.

My Ford Ranger Pick-up Pick Up Double Cab Wildtrak 2.0 TDCi 213 Auto Diesel Automatic gearbox is only £369.07 inc VAT per month with 6 months initial payment, followed by 35 payments on direct debit. Business customers, make sure you deduct the VAT, when making decisions. As I can’t tell what type of customer you are (business or private), I can’t display the price any other way but to show VAT seperately (sorry!).

This price on my Ford Ranger Pick-up includes full road tax for the length of the contract, on all of my cars and vans! Free delivery to your home or work and free collection from you at the end! £369.07 inc VAT per month is based on you driving 10,000 miles per annum, but higher mileages are usually available at a small extra cost. If you go over the allocated miles, you can pay a small excess mileage charge, usually between 3p and 15p per mile.

---

# Carbon Dioxide and the VW Amarok Double Cab Pick-up

	
I am simply faster than any other car sales website in changing these VW Amarok Double Cab Pick-up D/Cab Pick Up Trendline 3.0 V6 TDI 204 BMT 4M Auto Diesel Automatic details to reflect the latest info. No one can keep up with me. Often the manufacturer websites are out of date!

Have you ever rented a self-drive car for a day or a week? Well, Contract Hire is exactly the same, just for a longer period. Easy, isn’t it? It’s available for businesses or for private individuals. You may have seen me turning down investment on Dragon’s Den! Read on to understand how it works. Occasionally, I can supply PCP, leasing and lease hire (but not often). If you’re reading this because you are unsure if you should use LINGsCARS.com, have a look at my 900+ customer letters.

Carbon dioxide is a colorless gas which, when inhaled at high concentrations (a dangerous activity because of the associated asphyxiation risk), produces a sour taste in the mouth and a stinging sensation in the nose and throat. These effects result from the gas dissolving in the mucous membranes and saliva, forming a weak solution of carbonic acid. You may notice this sensation if you attempt to stifle a burp after drinking a carbonated drink. Burp! Ooooops!

Having got all the info for the VW Amarok Double Cab Pick-up Diesel Automatic, I can publish the new CO2 figure: 119g/km. This will change across the different models of this particular car, they are all a bit different.


My VW Amarok Double Cab Pick-up D/Cab Pick Up Trendline 3.0 V6 TDI 204 BMT 4M Auto Diesel Automatic gearbox is only £353.60 inc VAT per month with 3 months initial payment, followed by 35 payments on direct debit. Business customers, make sure you deduct the VAT, when making decisions. As I can’t tell what type of customer you are (business or private), I can’t display the price any other way but to show VAT seperately (sorry!).

This price on my VW Amarok Double Cab Pick-up includes full road tax for the length of the contract, on all of my cars and vans! Free delivery to your home or work and free collection from you at the end! £353.60 inc VAT per month is based on you driving 10,000 miles per annum, but higher mileages are usually available at a small extra cost. If you go over the allocated miles, you can pay a small excess mileage charge, usually between 3p and 15p per mile.

---
